Grandma, don't worry.
I will definitely not disappoint your good grandma, trust you.
Then I'm tired and need to rest.
I'll give it to your grandma, okay?
Is the past gone? Life?
Just ordering fries at the pier hey
Here we go.
Why are you going? The moon is dark and the wind is high. You are going to be a thief and sleep?
Why don't you sleep so late?
Your house is so big, I don't know where to sleep.
Then you will sleep in this room from now on
Oh don't mess with my stuff
Ok I fell asleep
High-end mask
Hey, no need for nothing.
Oh my god why is there so much hair?
Sovaqing, what are you screaming at night?
Fan Dasen, why are you all fluffy?
So disgusting
Why do you have so much hair growing there?
I'm going to scrape it all off.
Isn't it normal for men to be a little hairy?
Besides, men are hairless and can't do things well